[Docs] Add diagrams to resilience pipeline (#1714)
App-vNext/Polly: docs/pipelines/index.md

<!-- endSnippet -->

Use `ExecuteOutcomeAsync(...)` in high-performance scenarios where you wish to avoid re-throwing exceptions. Keep in mind that Polly's resilience strategies also make use of the `Outcome` struct to prevent unnecessary exception throwing.

## Diagrams

> ### Variant one

Reviewer: Let's explain roughly what these are in the headings, rather than just give it an arbitrary number.

> <!-- snippet: resilience-pipeline-diagram-variant-1 -->

Reviewer: Let's put the text (or different text) before the snippets, rather than going straight into a code snippet.

```cs
ResiliencePipeline pipeline = new ResiliencePipelineBuilder()
    .AddRetry(new() { ShouldHandle = new PredicateBuilder().Handle<TimeoutRejectedException>() }) // outer
    .AddTimeout(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1)) // inner
    .Build();
```
<!-- endSnippet -->

> Lets suppose that the first request takes too long bust the second is super fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's suppose that the first request takes too long but the second is fast enough.
```

    participant R as Retry
    participant T as Timeout
    participant D as DecoratedUserCallback

    C->>P: Calls ExecuteAsync
    P->>R: Calls ExecuteCore
    R->>T: Calls ExecuteCore
    Note over R, D: Initial attempt
    Note over T: Wait start
    activate T
    T->>D: Invokes
    activate D
    D-->>D: Performs <br/>long-running <br/>operation
    Note over T: Wait end
    deactivate T
    T-->>T: Times out
    T->>D: Propagates cancellation
    deactivate D
    T->>R: Throws <br/>TimeoutRejectedException
    R-->>R: Sleeps

    Note over R, D: First retry attempt
    R->>T: Calls ExecuteCore
    Note over T: Wait start
    activate T
    T->>D: Invokes
    activate D
    D-->>D: Performs <br/>long-running <br/>operation
    D->>T: Returns result
    deactivate D
    deactivate T
    Note over T: Wait end

    T->>R: Returns result
    R->>P: Returns result
    P->>C: Returns result
```

### Variant two

<!-- snippet: resilience-pipeline-diagram-variant-2 -->
```cs
ResiliencePipeline pipeline = new ResiliencePipelineBuilder()
    .AddTimeout(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(10)) // outer
    .AddRetry(new()) // inner
    .Build();
```
<!-- endSnippet -->

> Lets suppose that the 1st and the 2nd requests are failing. The 3rd requested is not awaited since the overarching timeout elapsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's suppose that the first and second requests are failing. The third request is not awaited since the overarching timeout elapsed.
```

    C->>P: Calls ExecuteAsync
    P->>T: Calls ExecuteCore
    Note over T: Wait start
    activate T

    T->>R: Calls ExecuteCore
    Note over R, D: Initial attempt
    R->>D: Invokes
    activate D
    D-->>D: Performs <br/>operation
    D->>R: Fails
    deactivate D

    R-->>R: Sleeps
    Note over R, D: First retry attempt
    R->>D: Invokes
    activate D
    D-->>D: Performs <br/>operation
    D->>R: Fails
    deactivate D

    R-->>R: Sleeps
    Note over R, D: Second retry attempt
    R->>D: Invokes
    activate D
    D-->>D: Performs <br/>operation

    deactivate T
    Note over T: Wait end
    T-->>T: Times out
    T->>R: Propagates cancellation
    R->>D: Propagates cancellation
    deactivate D

    T->>P: Throws <br/>TimeoutRejectedException
    P->>C: Propagates exception
```

### Variant three

<!-- snippet: resilience-pipeline-diagram-variant-3 -->
```cs
ResiliencePipeline pipeline = new ResiliencePipelineBuilder()
    .AddTimeout(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(10)) // outer most
    .AddRetry(new() { ShouldHandle = new PredicateBuilder().Handle<TimeoutRejectedException>() })
    .AddTimeout(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(1)) // inner most
    .Build();
```
<!-- endSnippet -->

> Lets suppose that the 1st request fails; the 2nd requests takes too long; and the 3rd requested is not awaited since the overarching timeout elapsed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's suppose that the first request fails and the second requests takes too long. The third requested is not awaited since the overarching timeout elapsed.
```

<!-- endSnippet -->

Use `ExecuteOutcomeAsync(...)` in high-performance scenarios where you wish to avoid re-throwing exceptions. Keep in mind that Polly's resilience strategies also make use of the `Outcome` struct to prevent unnecessary exception throwing.

## Diagrams

### Sequence diagram for a pipeline with retry and timeout

<!-- snippet: resilience-pipeline-diagram-retry-timeout -->
```cs
// Let's create the following pipeline:
// the inner strategy is a timeout,

> // the outer is a retry which is timeout-aware.

Reviewer: I meant more actual prose in the document, rather than code comments.

It's also _much much_ easier to see the changes if you don't force push. Otherwise I have to just re-review everything as I can't diff.
